If you are watching this video then congratulations because now you are ready to take the Google Analytics
certification exam.
By now you've completed the training you've completed the practice test.
You've got a complete overview of the exam and the only step left now is to actually go ahead and take
the exam.
So as a reminder how to do that.
Firstly log into your academy for ads it can't come into the browse section here in the sidebar come
down and click on Google Analytics.
Click on Google Analytics individual qualification and then you'll see the link there to go ahead and
take the exam.
Now a couple of reminders once again it is an open book exam.
So I would recommend you have that analytics help center open to help you at any hard questions.
And also your damn Google Analytics demo can do your own Google Analytics account and of course Google
can be helpful as well.
So remember that you can retake the exam for free as many times as you want.
If you don't pass but I think at this stage you're going to be feeling very confident and I have no
doubt that you're gonna pass with flying colors.
So best of luck in the exam and I'll see you in the next section.
I'm going to show you how to promote your Google Analytics certification on LinkedIn and network.